refactor: remove base project (#6)
mariammartins/terraform-example-foundation: 3-networks-hub-and-spoke/README.md

The purpose of this step is to:

- Set up the global [DNS Hub](https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/networking/cloud-forwarding-peering-and-zones).

> - Set up Hubs and it corresponding Spokes. With default DNS, NAT (optional), Private Service networking, VPC Service Controls (optional), on-premises Dedicated or Partner Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up the Hub and it corresponding Spokes. With default DNS, NAT (optional), Private Service networking, VPC Service Controls (optional), on-premises Dedicated or Partner Interconnect, and baseline firewall rules for each environment.
```
